Update autoscaling docs (#52831)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment.md

    the Pods run one container, `nginx`, which runs the `nginx`
    [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/) image at version 1.14.2.
  * Create one container and name it `nginx` using the `.spec.containers[0].name` field.
  * The container port `80` is specified in `containerPort` field. Note that this field is purely informational. 

>     Not specifying a port here does NOT prevent that port from being exposed. Any port which is listening on the default 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Whether or not you specify a port here does **not"* prevent users from exposing a port that isn't listed. Any port which is listening on the default
```

    the Pods run one container, `nginx`, which runs the `nginx`
    [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/) image at version 1.14.2.
  * Create one container and name it `nginx` using the `.spec.containers[0].name` field.
  * The container port `80` is specified in `containerPort` field. Note that this field is purely informational. 

>     Whether or not you specify a port here does **not"* prevent users from exposing a port that isn't listed. Any port which is listening on the default

Reviewer: One more thing to fix, I think.
